# About-Us
India's Fastest, Low Cost, Permissionless Carbon & Water Credits Protocol/Registry/Standard
The Paris Agreement recognizes that Parties may engage in climate markets through decentralized, bilateral cooperative approaches 
to achieve their nationally determined contributions (NDCs). However, climate markets trade different units, have differences in 
governance rules, and operate under different technological systems. The differences in these processes constrain market integration and add to the complexity of conducting transactions. Under the Paris Agreement, which relies on a decentralized approach to markets, the UNIVERSAL CARBON REGISTRY (world's first semi-decentralized carbon registry) aims to reward all types of climate action via carbon finance and blockchain technology.

The Universal Carbon Registry (UCR) Standard and Platform aims to introduce better carbonomics with the next-generation model of mining voluntary non-compliance carbon credits from a wide range of green projects that is far more efficient, faster, cheaper, de-centralized in transfer and convenient for every small green project owner aiming to decarbonize the economy. (UCR-India's Fastest and Best GHG Registry and Standard)

UCR requires that projects exceed regulatory requirements, are commissioned on or after 01 January 2002, are veriﬁable and must be currently operational. Our UCR Standard allows for early action projects and ability to monetize carbon credits from the year 2014 onwards.

UCR Rules allow projects from domestic and international markets (countries in Africa, Asia etc, except Annex 1 countries) and other GHG programs provided no double counting occurs. All UCR mitigation activities have prescriptive eligibility, evaluation and verification requirements as set out in our approved positive project list protocol requirements outlined in the UCR Standard. Our approach to mining carbon credits from projects addresses the “Do no harm or Impact” additionality test. None of the projects being mined on the UCR platform have any negative development impacts i.e. community or environment. We are moving on from asking if a project would not have happened otherwise (debating a counterfactual), to supporting a project that adds environmental, social, and governance standards (ESG) as a key basis for the UCR platform, while accepting quality green projects from a predefined list of activities. All our projects avoid coal or any other fossil fuel in its implementation. None of our projects involve buffering carbon credits as an insurance for future calamities.

ALL UCR CARBON CREDITS (CoUs) are REAL, Meet the "Do no harm or Impact” additionality test, 3rd Party Audited, Follow CDM methodologies, Listed on a Public Transparent Registry, Involve No Buffering of Credits, Generated from Quality Renewable Energy Projects, Help Rural India. Voted the best GHG and Water Registry in India.
